today's recipe is dal makhani or machi
de
you
today we are making dal makhani you need
voila dal plus a sprinkle of red kidney
beans or rajma chopped tomatoes ginger
paste salt
[Music]
ingor asafoetida and water about one and
half liters - boiled dal first we'll
boil the dal and then we'll temper it so
these ingredients are for boiling the
doll now for typically doll we will need
he chopped onions garlic paste dry methi
or fenugreek leaves then he our
coriander powder garam masala red chilli
powder and fresh cream that has been
blended or stirred a little so that all
the lumps are gone
Porcia doll thoroughly under running
water
add one and a half liters of water
chopped tomatoes
ginger paste
so
and he got us a bit
close the lid
the weight and keep the gas on high
flame for boiling the doll at the first
whistle put off the gas
let the cooker cool down and then open
the lid
the doll is well now it's soft and I
will keep the doll for cooking on low
flame for 30 minutes so that the doll
and the water mixes well we will simmer
the dial
what are you minutes now on low flame
so when the Dallas cooking will make
caca or tempering for the doll on
another burner it ghee in a pan on
medium flame and when the key melts you
add the chopped onions
he has melted add the chopped onions
while onions are roasting we'll stir the
doll a bit and we'll roast the onions
till they are light pink in color
while the onions are roasting we'll add
the dried methyl Eve's adding them now
we remove the bitterness of the methyl
Eve's as well as release the flavor into
the doll
so now we'll roast the fry the onions
till light pink
the onions are like pink in color at the
garlic paste the red chili powder
the coriander powder
and add the garam masala to the doll
that is cooking so this will release the
flavor of the garam masala now stir the
onions and the spices mixture till it is
light pink or light brown in color while
the onion and the masala mixture is
roasting we'll add the fresh cream to
the doll and give it a stir but stir so
that mixes up well with the doll and
then we'll keep one stirring and
roasting the masala and the onion darker
the tadka is ready so we'll transfer
this tadka and temper the dal
give the doll a good stir after
transferring vitarka and let it simmer
on low flame the longer it cooks a low
flame the tasty of the doll will become
this is a secret to tasty dal makhani
keep serving the dog regularly so that
it does not stick to the bottom of the
cooker and you can check for the salt
and the chili at this time and add if
needed the dal needs a little salt and
chilli so after adding surrett of it and
let the dal simmer till it is done
you can see the doll is ready the
consistency needed so now we're put off
the gas and transfer the dolly to a
serving bowl
is the dal makhni dish that we just
prepared and now you can garnish this
with chopped coriander I hope you liked
the video thanks for watching have a
nice day and do send us your feedback
thank you
you